Most software engineers will argue that Microsoft services are hard, not even to mention the complexity
that comes with the adoption of design patterns such as Securus, event sourcing and domain driven design.
However, there are a number of ways in which even the most complex of architectures can be simplified.
Two of the most effective measures include abstraction and separation of concerns.
That is why we are going to utilize the Exxon platform in this course to simplify the implementation
of our MICRA services.
Exxon is a platform that consists of the Exxon framework and the Exxon server.
The Exxon framework is a Java framework that is used to simplify the building of event driven micro
services that are based in securest event sourcing and domain driven design.
One of the most important aspects of the Exxon framework that differentiates it from other frameworks
is the abstraction that it provides.
More specifically, the Exxon framework has been designed to separate business logic from infrastructural
concerns with Exxon.
Business logic is implemented in classes that interact with the different message buses.
Exxon framework provides a number of building blocks to assist developers in implementing this logic,
such as aggregates, command handlers and event handlers.
The Exxon server, on the other hand, is an out of the box message router and events store that requires
no specific configuration.
This means that Exxon already did the hard work for us.
We do not need to create our own message, but nor set up our own event store.
This is all part of a standard Exxon installation.
Exxon does, however, provide you with a degree of customization.
For example, in the next section we will configure Exxon to use the Monga DB event storage engine as
opposed to the out of the box embedded event store.
Before we can start to set up a micro service project and start coding, we need to have a clear understanding
of the following concepts that Exxon takes from the domain driven design and securest design patterns.
The first concept is a domain model.
A domain model describes certain aspects of the system domain that can be used to solve problems within
that domain.
And then probably the most important concept is that of an aggregate, an aggregate is an entity or
group of entities that is always kept in a consistent state within a single asset transaction.
The aggregate root is the entity within the aggregate that is responsible for maintaining this consistent
state.
This makes the aggregate the prime building block for implementing a common model in any securities
based application a more formal definition.
According to Eric Evans, the author of the book Domain Driven Design.
Tackling Complexity in the Heart of software in aggregate is a cluster of associated objects that are
treated as a unit for the purpose of data changes.
External references are restricted to one member of the aggregate designated as the root.
A set of consistency rules applies within the aggregates boundaries.
Now let's look at some of the messaging concepts I command is a combination of expressed intent which
describes what you want to be done, as well as the information required to undertake action.
Based on that intent.
Commands are named with a verb in the imperative mood, for example, register user command or deposit
funds command events.
Another messaging concept are objects that describe something that has occurred in the application.
A typical source of events is the aggregate.
When something important has occurred within the aggregate, it will raise and event events are always
named with the past particle verb.
For example, use a registered event or funds deposited event.
The final messaging concept queries expressed the desire for information, generally a specific representation
of the state of the system.
I hope that you now understand these concepts, if not 100 percent, do not worry too much at this point
in time when we start to implement these in later lectures, the theory and practice will come together
marvelously.